c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\GBSTools.dll.config
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\GBSTools.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\GBSTools.pdb
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\obj\Release\GBSTools.dll
c:\users\orderit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\obj\Release\GBSTools.pdb
C:\Users\OrderIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GBSTools\GBSTools\obj\Release\GBSTools.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
